Bugfix: image-md-check.py too lenient, scs-0102-v1 too strict (#914)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0102-v1-image-metadata.md

**Note**: Disk sizes tend to be measured in GB = 10^9 and not GiB = 2^30 in the disk industry, but OpenStack uses GiB.

> The value given vor `min_ram` MUST be sufficient for the VM to boot and survive for 10 s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value given vor `min_ram` MUST be sufficient for the VM to boot and survive (for at least 10s).
```
